N20: Portal Explorer (#561)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/posts/newsletter-020/index.md

[nano-ogmo]: https://github.com/Bombfuse/nano-ogmo
[gag_demo]: https://bombfuse.itch.io/him-character-demo-harvest-hero

### [Portal Explorer][portal-explorer]

!["Portal in portal" scene](./portal-explorer.png)
_"Portal in portal" scene_

> [Portal Explorer][portal-explorer] by [@optozorax][optozorax-twitter] is web
> visualizator of mind-blowing portals.
> 
> In Portal Explorer you can view how interesting portals is constructed, and
> visually explore their properties by moving and rotating them. This program
> doesn't work well on mobile, better open from PC. Most interesting scene is
> [portal in portal][portal-in-portal].

Reviewer: Minor grammar tweaks:
```suggestion
[Portal Explorer][portal-explorer] by [@optozorax][optozorax-twitter] is a web
visualizator of mind-blowing portals.

In Portal Explorer you can view how interesting portals are constructed, and
visually explore their properties by moving and rotating them. This program
doesn't work well on mobile, better opened from PC. The most interesting
scene is [portal in portal][portal-in-portal].
```
